"Q: Relationship status? A: I'll leave the relations to the database."
"Q: How do you get the code for the bank vault? A: You checkout their branch."
"Q: How did the developer announce their engagement? A: They returned true!"
"Q: Why did the security conscious engineer refuse to pay their dinner bill? A: Because they could not verify the checksum."
"Q: What do you call a busy waiter? A: A server."
"Q: What do you call an idle server? A: A waiter."
"Q: How many Prolog programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? A: Yes."
"Q: What diet did the ghost developer go on? A: Boolean"
"Q: Why was the developer unhappy at their job? A: They wanted arrays."
"Q: Why did 10 get paid less than "10"? A: There was workplace inequality."
"Q: Why was the function sad after a successful first call? A: It didn’t get a callback."
"Q: Why did the angry function exceed the callstack size? A: It got into an Argument with itself"
"Q: Whats the object-oriented way to become wealthy? A: Inheritance"
"Q: Why did the developer ground their kid? A: They weren't telling the truthy"
"Q: What did the array say after it was extended? A: Stop objectifying me."
"Q: Where did the parallel function wash its hands? A: Async"
"Q: I'm starting a band called HTML Encoder A: Looking to buy a guitar &amp;"
"Q: Why did the functions stop calling each other? A: Because they had constant arguments."
"Q: What's the second movie about a database engineer called? A: The SQL."
"Q: Why did the constant break up with the variable? A: Because they changed."
"Q: Why did the database administrator leave his wife? A: She had one-to-many relationships."
"Q: What did the Class say in court when put on trial? A: I strongly object!"
"Q: Why do Java developers wear glasses? A: Because they don't C#!"
"Q: What are the three hardest problems in computer science? A: Naming things and off-by-one errors"
"Q: What did the fruit basket say to the developer? A: I hope you're ready for some pear programming!"
"Q: How does a sysadmin keep a fire going? A: They rotate the logs."
"Q: I love you and I only love you. Does that turn you on? AND GATE: No."
"Q: Why do all HTML emails get blocked? A: Because they are all <span />."
"Q: What did the process say after working in an infinite loop all day? A: I need a break."
"Q: An Agent died unexpectedly. How was the crime solved? A: By looking at the Stack Trace."
"Q: Why did the document store go out of business? A: It had NoSQL."
"Q: Why can't SQL and NoSQL Developers date one other? A: Because they don't agree on relationships."
"Q: Why is Python like the Soviet Union? A: Because it has no private fields"
"Q: Where did the API go to eat? A: To the RESTaurant"
"Q: Why shouldn't you trust Matlab developers? A: Because they're always plotting something."
"Q: Why did the developer have to quit smoking? A: Because they couldn't afford to pay the new syntax."
"Q: How does a programmer open a jar for their significant other? A: They install Java"
"Q: What did the psychic say to the developers? A: I see dev people."
"Q: Where does the pirate stash all of their digital treasures? A: RAR"
"Q: What is React's favorite movie genre? A: Suspense"
"Q: Why couldn't the React component understand the joke? A: Because it didn't get the context."
"Q: What did XHR say to AJAX when it thought it was being a Mean Girl? A: Stop trying to make fetch happen!"
"Q: What was Grace Hopper's favorite car? A: VW Bug"
"Q: What sits on a pirate's shoulder and calls, "Pieces of seven, Pieces of seven"? A: Parroty error."
"Q: What is a pirate's favorite programming language? A: You'd think it was R, but a pirate's first love is Objectively C."
"Q: Why did the programmer come home crying?" A: His friends were always boolean him."
