"Life isn’t about getting and having, it’s about giving and being. - Kevin Kruse"
"Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. - Napoleon Hill"
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. - Albert Einstein"
"Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference. - Robert Frost"
"I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. - Florence Nightingale"
"Eighty percent of success is showing up. - Woody Allen"
"Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. - Steve Jobs"
"Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is. - Vince Lombardi"
"I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. - Stephen Covey"
"Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. - Pablo Picasso"
"You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. - Christopher Columbus"
"The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. - Chinese Proverb"
"There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. - Roger Staubach"
"It is never too late to be what you might have been. - George Eliot"
"You become what you believe. - Oprah Winfrey"
"I would rather die of passion than of boredom. - Vincent van Gogh"
"A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty. - Unknown"
"It is not what you do for your children, but what you have taught them to do for themselves, that will make them successful human beings. - Ann Landers"
"If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money. - Abigail Van Buren"
"Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs. - Farrah Gray"
"The battles that count aren’t the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself–the invisible battles inside all of us–that’s where it’s at. - Jesse Owens"
"Education costs money.  But then so does ignorance. - Sir Claus Moser"
"I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear. - Rosa Parks"
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius"
"If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough. - Oprah Winfrey"
"Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. - Dalai Lama"
"You can’t use up creativity.  The more you use, the more you have. - Maya Angelou"
"Dream big and dare to fail. - Norman Vaughan"
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. - Martin Luther King Jr."
"Do what you can, where you are, with what you have. - Teddy Roosevelt"
"If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten. - Tony Robbins"
"Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. - Gloria Steinem"
"It’s your place in the world; it’s your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live. - Mae Jemison"
"You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try. - Beverly Sills"
"Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. - Eleanor Roosevelt"
"Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. - Grandma Moses"
"The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me. - Ayn Rand"
"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. - Henry Ford"
"It’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years. - Abraham Lincoln"
"Change your thoughts and you change your world. - Norman Vincent Peale"
"Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. - Benjamin Franklin"
"There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. - Roger Staubach"